so uh what happened
yeah well you know I I played somebody
was scary i am actually the last time i
played as bad as this was when i was in
the World Series about four years ago on
I am I had quite a lot of chips on there
for you and I am at a really bad mood
because I've been out drinking the night
before and Patty and last night I went
out to the year so what's jealous my
what I'm talking to Jack yeah but that
was the only one that was left in the
tournament know I can yeah this is too
smart for that and anyway I got about
fell asleep basic lattice did like it's
such a terrible move you know I'm a dog
spit what it was was it came like a king
I flop to two clubs right I was the rez
when this guy called me on the bottom
man and I checked it he checked it then
I came a diamond which put two diamonds
to clubs and a straight ruler now it's
obvious to Stevie Wonder and rare
Charles that if I had a hand there i'm
going to bed it it's too busy straighter
than to flush draws i checked i checked
it any better and then I check raised
him you know no i mean so it was such a
terrible play you know and then I bet at
the end I mean if a claw / to come
afford a man I might have got away with
him wanting what a blank a more so I
mean I would have call myself a min the
kid call me like a show so so terrible
place so basically when you're tired
you're drained just doesn't sometimes
you just you know and I mean you know
you I mean I was Queen of outs in the
idea here King jack about so could it
very easy come down a nice flop work
could have doubled up or something I
think that's a good lesson though for
like the younger players out there
this is a man who's he's been there done
that and this is some good advice well
you know I mean it was really so so bad
to plan but at least I know it was bad
and I wanted it wrong if I saw somebody
else throw it out like laughs you know
so what place did you take I've an idea
and getting the money okay so it doesn't
really matter does it I thought maybe
you made the money but the second thing
is like you know you know you come in
for this one tournament but it goes you
know right across from 8-1 you're
playing it i'll be playing it for two
and half days and then you're gonna do
that you know stupid yeah donec I mean
the other good news always have got to
sit next to you well and that's good
news for you of it I've been wanting to
interview you this entire time but been
busy every time we're on break you're
eating or you the wife of the party here
on the Fontana room ever know us to hang
out with double finish your fun guy well
you know that don't be just don't be fun
just don't be that fun guy later for
your plane well I'm going to try and do
is I'm going to try it for the world
says I'm definitely gonna try it go Tito
drink seven weeks I'm what I really try
and do that but I don't have a cam
furniture he'll do it your girl will
help you
oh yeah she's cute
that's true when you got to go we tell
you have to take them out to partisan
stuff you can't be bought nice dinners
one the shops here at bellagio oh I've
been on all the shoulder but you know
when i get to when i arrived in vegas
the beam me up i get i get messages from
shanna on messages from D&G devil cause
you got a new line and
i'm a sucker i mean i buy clothes that i
like sure so do they ever say we got a
new line in and we're going to give you
fifty percent off good exercise that's
what that's the kind of message I want
to hear shit can you move them judge a
bit more over though we making too much
noise for you so what's next so where
are you heading you headed back home
yeah I mama tried to get a flight out
tomorrow but unfortunately I could I
can't fly until the 26 sound chopped in
vegas for a couple days well you know
what you could be trapped in a worse
place I mean if you guys could see what
the view we have a mini Eiffel Tower
here you know the beautiful fountains of
the Bellagio it could be worse Kousaka
yet beautifymeeh but Allah Vegas but
just get knocked out the tour much I've
been here for a bit in three weeks and
I'm coming about for seven weeks or so
yeah
you can't get a bit too much
even for me baby I was just ss11 right
up ahead I should you know what to say
anyway you know when you get to my age
right I haven't no the first free things
that go well for women is different yeah
that's it is your ass with a woman book
couple couple things but with a guy guys
well the guy the first few things that
go well the first ones you memory yeah
that's already starting to go for me and
I can't remember it is very good well
I'm happy you came by to talk I know
that it's not easy doing these
interviews after you bust it out it's
tough so I thank you very very much it's
no problem thank you hopefully we'll see
you soon okay not at jet will get my
ring but maybe getting used to it I like
it